As the doctor who the administrator had recently hired studied the book that colleagues had written on cancer therapy .
The doctor who the administrator had recently hired studied the book that colleagues had written on cancer therapy .
As the doctor who the administrator had recently hired studied the book that colleagues had written on cancer therapy , the nurse walked into the room .
The doctor who the administrator had recently hired studied the book that colleagues had written on cancer therapy , the nurse walked into the room .
After the man who a friend had helped shot the bird that he had been tracking secretly .
The man who a friend had helped shot the bird that he had been tracking secretly .
After the man who a friend had helped shot the bird that he had been tracking secretly , he loaded his gun .
The man who a friend had helped shot the bird that he had been tracking secretly , he loaded his gun .
Because the students who the teacher had in her class did not like the material that the teacher used to cover evolution .
The students who the teacher had in her class did not like the material that the teacher used to cover evolution .
Because the students who the teacher had in her class did not like the material that the teacher used to cover evolution , they complained to the principal .
The students who the teacher had in her class did not like the material that the teacher used to cover evolution , they complained to the principal .
When the general who the officer had given a uniform entered the camp that the colonel constructed two years ago .
The general who the officer had given a uniform entered the camp that the colonel constructed two years ago .
When the general who the officer had given a uniform entered the camp that the colonel constructed two years ago , the soldiers cheered .
The general who the officer had given a uniform entered the camp that the colonel constructed two years ago , the soldiers cheered .
After the trainer who the dog feared delivered the newspaper that the resident had ordered .
The trainer who the dog feared delivered the newspaper that the resident had ordered .
After the trainer who the dog feared delivered the newspaper that the resident had ordered , the dog looked at the door .
The trainer who the dog feared delivered the newspaper that the resident had ordered , the dog looked at the door .
While the lawyers who the client had hired printed the documents that the client never requested .
The lawyers who the client had hired printed the documents that the client never requested .
While the lawyers who the client had hired printed the documents that the client never requested , the aids made coffee .
The lawyers who the client had hired printed the documents that the client never requested , the aids made coffee .
Because the editor who the author knew well liked the draft that the celebrity had written .
The editor who the author knew well liked the draft that the celebrity had written .
Because the editor who the author knew well liked the draft that the celebrity had written , he published it the next month .
The editor who the author knew well liked the draft that the celebrity had written , he published it the next month .
Since the nurse who the doctor had met only once lost her documents that she had bought from an expensive store .
The nurse who the doctor had met only once lost her documents that she had bought from an expensive store .
Since the nurse who the doctor had met only once lost her documents that she had bought from an expensive store , she administered the wrong medicine .
The nurse who the doctor had met only once lost her documents that she had bought from an expensive store , she administered the wrong medicine .
Because the scientist who the contractor had recommended broke the computer that the administrator moved to the basement .
The scientist who the contractor had recommended broke the computer that the administrator moved to the basement .
Because the scientist who the contractor had recommended broke the computer that the administrator moved to the basement , the administrator wrote everything by hand .
The scientist who the contractor had recommended broke the computer that the administrator moved to the basement , the administrator wrote everything by hand .
After the minister who the mayor had invited praised the new building that the businessman had built downtown .
The minister who the mayor had invited praised the new building that the businessman had built downtown .
After the minister who the mayor had invited praised the new building that the businessman had built downtown , it started to rain .
The minister who the mayor had invited praised the new building that the businessman had built downtown , it started to rain .
Because the architect who the mayor respected very much read the proposal that the housing authority drafted .
The architect who the mayor respected very much read the proposal that the housing authority drafted .
Because the architect who the mayor respected very much read the proposal that the housing authority drafted , the house was built correctly .
The architect who the mayor respected very much read the proposal that the housing authority drafted , the house was built correctly .
Before the actor who the director praised openly delivered the speech that the author had written yesterday .
The actor who the director praised openly delivered the speech that the author had written yesterday .
Before the actor who the director praised openly delivered the speech that the author had written yesterday , she took a deep breath .
The actor who the director praised openly delivered the speech that the author had written yesterday , she took a deep breath .
While the pianist who the critic did not like practiced the music that the composer had written .
The pianist who the critic did not like practiced the music that the composer had written .
While the pianist who the critic did not like practiced the music that the composer had written , the conductor stretched his arms .
The pianist who the critic did not like practiced the music that the composer had written , the conductor stretched his arms .
Although the students who the principle had disciplined enjoyed the novel that the school administrator had written .
The students who the principle had disciplined enjoyed the novel that the school administrator had written .
Although the students who the principle had disciplined enjoyed the novel that the school administrator had written , the teacher considered it poorly written .
The students who the principle had disciplined enjoyed the novel that the school administrator had written , the teacher considered it poorly written .
While the maid who the chef had yelled at read the magazine that the shift manager left behind .
The maid who the chef had yelled at read the magazine that the shift manager left behind .
While the maid who the chef had yelled at read the magazine that the shift manager left behind , the customer waited at her table .
The maid who the chef had yelled at read the magazine that the shift manager left behind , the customer waited at her table .
Before the assistant who the boss moved down the hall wrote the letter that the lawyer threw away .
The assistant who the boss moved down the hall wrote the letter that the lawyer threw away .
Before the assistant who the boss moved down the hall wrote the letter that the lawyer threw away , she had a cup of coffee .
The assistant who the boss moved down the hall wrote the letter that the lawyer threw away , she had a cup of coffee .
After the diplomat who the spy had contacted repeatedly presented the file that the assistant had written .
The diplomat who the spy had contacted repeatedly presented the file that the assistant had written .
After the diplomat who the spy had contacted repeatedly presented the file that the assistant had written , the ambassador gave a speech .
The diplomat who the spy had contacted repeatedly presented the file that the assistant had written , the ambassador gave a speech .
While the officials who the coaches had bribed handsomely reviewed the contract that the lawyers had written .
The officials who the coaches had bribed handsomely reviewed the contract that the lawyers had written .
While the officials who the coaches had bribed handsomely reviewed the contract that the lawyers had written , the players waited nervously .
The officials who the coaches had bribed handsomely reviewed the contract that the lawyers had written , the players waited nervously .
Because the clerk who the citizens liked greatly lost the plans that the city planners had drafted .
The clerk who the citizens liked greatly lost the plans that the city planners had drafted .
Because the clerk who the citizens liked greatly lost the plans that the city planners had drafted , the detective looked elsewhere .
The clerk who the citizens liked greatly lost the plans that the city planners had drafted , the detective looked elsewhere .
While the tourists who the locals found strange read the guide that the maid had given them .
The tourists who the locals found strange read the guide that the maid had given them .
While the tourists who the locals found strange read the guide that the maid had given them , the children played in the sand .
The tourists who the locals found strange read the guide that the maid had given them , the children played in the sand .
When the politicians who the lobbyists trusted passed the new law that all the shop owners strongly opposed .
The politicians who the lobbyists trusted passed the new law that all the shop owners strongly opposed .
When the politicians who the lobbyists trusted passed the new law that all the shop owners strongly opposed , the protestors walked down the street .
The politicians who the lobbyists trusted passed the new law that all the shop owners strongly opposed , the protestors walked down the street .
When the police who the officer had given pistols found new evidence that the suspect had hidden .
The police who the officer had given pistols found new evidence that the suspect had hidden .
When the police who the officer had given pistols found new evidence that the suspect had hidden , the judge declared a mistrial .
The police who the officer had given pistols found new evidence that the suspect had hidden , the judge declared a mistrial .
Before the students who the committee had praised handed in their papers that the teacher assigned them .
The students who the committee had praised handed in their papers that the teacher assigned them .
Before the students who the committee had praised handed in their papers that the teacher assigned them , they revised them all night long .
The students who the committee had praised handed in their papers that the teacher assigned them , they revised them all night long .
