As the doctor who wore a white lab jacket studied the book that described several advances in cancer therapy .
The doctor who wore a white lab jacket studied the book that described several advances in cancer therapy .
As the doctor who wore a white lab jacket studied the book that described several advances in cancer therapy , the nurse walked into the room .
The doctor who wore a white lab jacket studied the book that described several advances in cancer therapy , the nurse walked into the room .
After the man who was carrying a gun shot the bird that was running away from him .
The man who was carrying a gun shot the bird that was running away from him .
After the man who was carrying a gun shot the bird that was running away from him , he loaded his gun .
The man who was carrying a gun shot the bird that was running away from him , he loaded his gun .
Because the students who were in the teacher 's class did not like the material that covered the evolution of the human skeleton .
The students who were in the teacher 's class did not like the material that covered the evolution of the human skeleton .
Because the students who were in the teacher 's class did not like the material that covered the evolution of the human skeleton , they complained to the principal .
The students who were in the teacher 's class did not like the material that covered the evolution of the human skeleton , they complained to the principal .
When the general who wore a green uniform every day entered the camp that stood in the middle of camp .
The general who wore a green uniform every day entered the camp that stood in the middle of camp .
When the general who wore a green uniform every day entered the camp that stood in the middle of camp , the soldiers cheered .
The general who wore a green uniform every day entered the camp that stood in the middle of camp , the soldiers cheered .
After the delivery man who feared the dog delivered the newspaper that was from another city .
The delivery man who feared the dog delivered the newspaper that was from another city .
After the delivery man who feared the dog delivered the newspaper that was from another city , the dog looked at the door .
The delivery man who feared the dog delivered the newspaper that was from another city , the dog looked at the door .
While the lawyers who were from the city printed the documents that were allowed in court .
The lawyers who were from the city printed the documents that were allowed in court .
While the lawyers who were from the city printed the documents that were allowed in court , the aids made coffee .
The lawyers who were from the city printed the documents that were allowed in court , the aids made coffee .
Because the editor who had very high standards liked the draft that described many local politicians .
The editor who had very high standards liked the draft that described many local politicians .
Because the editor who had very high standards liked the draft that described many local politicians , he published it the next month .
The editor who had very high standards liked the draft that described many local politicians , he published it the next month .
Since the nurse who were from the neighboring research hospital lost her documents that were purchased from the expensive jewelry store .
The nurse who were from the neighboring research hospital lost her documents that were purchased from the expensive jewelry store .
Since the nurse who were from the neighboring research hospital lost her documents that were purchased from the expensive jewelry store , she administered the wrong medicine .
The nurse who were from the neighboring research hospital lost her documents that were purchased from the expensive jewelry store , she administered the wrong medicine .
Because the scientist who was wearing blue pants broke the computer that was housed on the top floor .
The scientist who was wearing blue pants broke the computer that was housed on the top floor .
Because the scientist who was wearing blue pants broke the computer that was housed on the top floor , the administrator wrote everything by hand .
The scientist who was wearing blue pants broke the computer that was housed on the top floor , the administrator wrote everything by hand .
After the minister who wore a black suit praised the new building that was built by the square .
The minister who wore a black suit praised the new building that was built by the square .
After the minister who wore a black suit praised the new building that was built by the square , it started to rain .
The minister who wore a black suit praised the new building that was built by the square , it started to rain .
Because the architect who was from the rival firm read the plans that described the building specifications .
The architect who was from the rival firm read the plans that described the building specifications .
Because the architect who was from the rival firm read the plans that described the building specifications , the house was built correctly .
The architect who was from the rival firm read the plans that described the building specifications , the house was built correctly .
Before the actor who had a loud voice delivered the speech that questioned the meaning of life .
The actor who had a loud voice delivered the speech that questioned the meaning of life .
Before the actor who had a loud voice delivered the speech that questioned the meaning of life , she took a deep breath .
The actor who had a loud voice delivered the speech that questioned the meaning of life , she took a deep breath .
While the pianist who had long fingers practiced the music that was written long ago .
The pianist who had long fingers practiced the music that was written long ago .
While the pianist who had long fingers practiced the music that was written long ago , the conductor stretched his arms .
The pianist who had long fingers practiced the music that was written long ago , the conductor stretched his arms .
Although the students who were in seventh grade enjoyed the novel that was about the civil war .
The students who were in seventh grade enjoyed the novel that was about the civil war .
Although the students who were in seventh grade enjoyed the novel that was about the civil war , the teacher considered it poorly written .
The students who were in seventh grade enjoyed the novel that was about the civil war , the teacher considered it poorly written .
While the maid who had an overwhelmingly negative attitude read the magazine that encouraged home repair and restoration .
The maid who had an overwhelmingly negative attitude read the magazine that encouraged home repair and restoration .
While the maid who had an overwhelmingly negative attitude read the magazine that encouraged home repair and restoration , the customer waited at her table .
The maid who had an overwhelmingly negative attitude read the magazine that encouraged home repair and restoration , the customer waited at her table .
Before the assistant who worked all alone down the hall wrote the letter that exposed corruption and bribery .
The assistant who worked all alone down the hall wrote the letter that exposed corruption and bribery .
Before the assistant who worked all alone down the hall wrote the letter that exposed corruption and bribery , she had a cup of coffee .
The assistant who worked all alone down the hall wrote the letter that exposed corruption and bribery , she had a cup of coffee .
After the diplomat who was from the friendly country presented the file that expressed hope for cooperation .
The diplomat who was from the friendly country presented the file that expressed hope for cooperation .
After the diplomat who was from the friendly country presented the file that expressed hope for cooperation , the ambassador gave a speech .
The diplomat who was from the friendly country presented the file that expressed hope for cooperation , the ambassador gave a speech .
While the officials who wore dark suits and ties reviewed the contract that promised increased annual salaries .
The officials who wore dark suits and ties reviewed the contract that promised increased annual salaries .
While the officials who wore dark suits and ties reviewed the contract that promised increased annual salaries , the players waited nervously .
The officials who wore dark suits and ties reviewed the contract that promised increased annual salaries , the players waited nervously .
Because the clerk who were from the town lost the plans that outlined the old water system .
The clerk who were from the town lost the plans that outlined the old water system .
Because the clerk who were from the town lost the plans that outlined the old water system , the detective looked elsewhere .
The clerk who were from the town lost the plans that outlined the old water system , the detective looked elsewhere .
While the tourists who were from the countryside read the guide that described local customs and practices .
The tourists who were from the countryside read the guide that described local customs and practices .
While the tourists who were from the countryside read the guide that described local customs and practices , the children played in the sand .
The tourists who were from the countryside read the guide that described local customs and practices , the children played in the sand .
When the politicians who wore dark suits passed the new law that raised taxes on businesses and corporations .
The politicians who wore dark suits passed the new law that raised taxes on businesses and corporations .
When the politicians who wore dark suits passed the new law that raised taxes on businesses and corporations , the protestors blocked traffic outside .
The politicians who wore dark suits passed the new law that raised taxes on businesses and corporations , the protestors blocked traffic outside .
When the police who carried pistols on their belts found new evidence that was relevant to the murder .
The police who carried pistols on their belts found new evidence that was relevant to the murder .
When the police who carried pistols on their belts found new evidence that was relevant to the murder , the judge declared a mistrial .
The police who carried pistols on their belts found new evidence that was relevant to the murder , the judge declared a mistrial .
Before the students who were from foreign countries handed in their papers that were about modern art .
The students who were from foreign countries handed in their papers that were about modern art .
Before the students who were from foreign countries handed in their papers that were about modern art , they revised them all night long .
The students who were from foreign countries handed in their papers that were about modern art , they revised them all night long .
