As the doctor in a long white lab jacket studied the book about several recent advances in cancer therapy .
The doctor in a long white lab jacket studied the book about several recent advances in cancer therapy .
As the doctor in a long white lab jacket studied the book about several recent advances in cancer therapy , the nurse walked into the room .
The doctor in a long white lab jacket studied the book about several recent advances in cancer therapy , the nurse walked into the room .
After the man with a very expensive gun shot the bird on the run for its life .
The man with a very expensive gun shot the bird on the run for its life .
After the man with a very expensive gun shot the bird on the run for its life , he loaded his gun .
The man with a very expensive gun shot the bird on the run for its life , he loaded his gun .
Because the students in the teacher 's third grade class did not like the material on the evolution of the human skeleton .
The students in the teacher 's third grade class did not like the material on the evolution of the human skeleton .
Because the students in the teacher 's third grade class did not like the material on the evolution of the human skeleton , they complained to the principal .
The students in the teacher 's third grade class did not like the material on the evolution of the human skeleton , they complained to the principal .
When the general in the green uniform and black shoes entered the camp in the middle of the busy camp .
The general in the green uniform and black shoes entered the camp in the middle of the busy camp .
When the general in the green uniform and black shoes entered the camp in the middle of the busy camp , the soldiers cheered .
The general in the green uniform and black shoes entered the camp in the middle of the busy camp , the soldiers cheered .
After the delivery man with the friendly face delivered the newspaper from a city far away .
The delivery man with the friendly face delivered the newspaper from a city far away .
After the delivery man with the friendly face delivered the newspaper from a city far away , the dog looked at the door .
The delivery man with the friendly face delivered the newspaper from a city far away , the dog looked at the door .
While the lawyers from the city up north printed the documents on very expensive recycled paper .
The lawyers from the city up north printed the documents on very expensive recycled paper .
While the lawyers from the city up north printed the documents on very expensive recycled paper , the aids made coffee .
The lawyers from the city up north printed the documents on very expensive recycled paper , the aids made coffee .
Because the editor with higher standards than anyone liked the draft about the failed local politicians .
The editor with higher standards than anyone liked the draft about the failed local politicians .
Because the editor with higher standards than anyone liked the draft about the failed local politicians , he published it the next month .
The editor with higher standards than anyone liked the draft about the failed local politicians , he published it the next month .
Since the nurse from the neighboring hospital down the street lost her documents from the expensive jewelry store down the street .
The nurse from the neighboring hospital down the street lost her documents from the expensive jewelry store down the street .
Since the nurse from the neighboring hospital down the street lost her documents from the expensive jewelry store down the street , she administered the wrong medicine .
The nurse from the neighboring hospital down the street lost her documents from the expensive jewelry store down the street , she administered the wrong medicine .
Because the scientist in blue pants and gloves broke the computer in the basement of the office building .
The scientist in blue pants and gloves broke the computer in the basement of the office building .
Because the scientist in blue pants and gloves broke the computer in the basement of the office building , the administrator wrote everything by hand .
The scientist in blue pants and gloves broke the computer in the basement of the office building , the administrator wrote everything by hand .
After the minister in the dark suit and white tie praised the new building on the town 's main square .
The minister in the dark suit and white tie praised the new building on the town 's main square .
After the minister in the dark suit and white tie praised the new building on the town 's main square , it started to rain .
The minister in the dark suit and white tie praised the new building on the town 's main square , it started to rain .
Because the architect from the rival firm across town read the plans from the local housing authority .
The architect from the rival firm across town read the plans from the local housing authority .
Because the architect from the rival firm across town read the plans from the local housing authority , the house was built correctly .
The architect from the rival firm across town read the plans from the local housing authority , the house was built correctly .
Before the actor with the loud singing voice delivered the speech on the true meaning of life .
The actor with the loud singing voice delivered the speech on the true meaning of life .
Before the actor with the loud singing voice delivered the speech on the true meaning of life , she took a deep breath .
The actor with the loud singing voice delivered the speech on the true meaning of life , she took a deep breath .
While the pianist with the long fingers practiced the music with a difficult time signature .
The pianist with the long fingers practiced the music with a difficult time signature .
While the pianist with the long fingers practiced the music with a difficult time signature , the conductor stretched his arms .
The pianist with the long fingers practiced the music with a difficult time signature , the conductor stretched his arms .
Although the students in the third year class enjoyed the novel about life during the civil war .
The students in the third year class enjoyed the novel about life during the civil war .
Although the students in the third year class enjoyed the novel about life during the civil war , the teacher considered it poorly written .
The students in the third year class enjoyed the novel about life during the civil war , the teacher considered it poorly written .
While the maid with an abrasive and negative attitude read the magazine on home repair and backyard maintenance .
The maid with an abrasive and negative attitude read the magazine on home repair and backyard maintenance .
While the maid with an abrasive and negative attitude read the magazine on home repair and backyard maintenance , the customer waited at her table .
The maid with an abrasive and negative attitude read the magazine on home repair and backyard maintenance , the customer waited at her table .
Before the assistant from the crowded office down the hall wrote the letter about potential corruption and bribery .
The assistant from the crowded office down the hall wrote the letter about potential corruption and bribery .
Before the assistant from the crowded office down the hall wrote the letter about potential corruption and bribery , she had a cup of coffee .
The assistant from the crowded office down the hall wrote the letter about potential corruption and bribery , she had a cup of coffee .
After the diplomat from the friendly country in Africa presented the file on international peace and cooperation .
The diplomat from the friendly country in Africa presented the file on international peace and cooperation .
After the diplomat from the friendly country in Africa presented the file on international peace and cooperation , the ambassador gave a speech .
The diplomat from the friendly country in Africa presented the file on international peace and cooperation , the ambassador gave a speech .
While the officials in dark suits and bright ties reviewed the contract for increased salaries and bonuses .
The officials in dark suits and bright ties reviewed the contract for increased salaries and bonuses .
While the officials in dark suits and bright ties reviewed the contract for increased salaries and bonuses , the players waited nervously .
The officials in dark suits and bright ties reviewed the contract for increased salaries and bonuses , the players waited nervously .
Because the clerk in the New England town lost the plans for the broken water system .
The clerk in the New England town lost the plans for the broken water system .
Because the clerk in the New England town lost the plans for the broken water system , the detective looked elsewhere .
The clerk in the New England town lost the plans for the broken water system , the detective looked elsewhere .
While the tourists from the village far away read the guide on local customs and religious practices .
The tourists from the village far away read the guide on local customs and religious practices .
While the tourists from the village far away read the guide on local customs and religious practices , the children played in the sand .
The tourists from the village far away read the guide on local customs and religious practices , the children played in the sand .
When the politicians with white hair expensive suits passed the new law on tax reform and student debt .
The politicians with white hair expensive suits passed the new law on tax reform and student debt .
When the politicians with white hair expensive suits passed the new law on tax reform and student debt , the protestors blocked traffic outside .
The politicians with white hair expensive suits passed the new law on tax reform and student debt , the protestors blocked traffic outside .
When the police from the small town in Alabama found new evidence about the alleged art theft .
The police from the small town in Alabama found new evidence about the alleged art theft .
When the police from the small town in Alabama found new evidence about the alleged art theft , the judge declared a mistrial .
The police from the small town in Alabama found new evidence about the alleged art theft , the judge declared a mistrial .
Before the students from foreign countries in Europe handed in their papers on the modern art world .
The students from foreign countries in Europe handed in their papers on the modern art world .
Before the students from foreign countries in Europe handed in their papers on the modern art world , they revised them all night long .
The students from foreign countries in Europe handed in their papers on the modern art world , they revised them all night long .
